Wildcard Publisher restriction (#332)
InteractiveAdvertisingBureau/GDPR-Transparency-and-Consent-Framework: TCFv2/IAB Tech Lab - Consent string and vendor list formats v2.md

While publisher restrictions must always be specified on a per purpose basis, the Framework also gives publishers the ability to use one single restriction applicable to all TCF purposes including Special Purposes to specify all-encompassing requirements to a vendor or a group of vendors, e.g. to disallow them the processing or to require them to rely on consent for all purposes they have declared.

For the avoidance of doubt:

In case a vendor has declared flexibility for a purpose and there is no legal basis restriction signal it must always apply the default legal basis under which the purpose was registered aside from being registered as flexible. That means if a vendor declared a purpose as legitimate interest and also declared that purpose as flexible it may not apply a "consent" signal without a legal basis restriction signal to require consent.   

> In case of conflicting publisher restrictions, vendors should respect the following hierarchy to determine if processing is permissible at all for a specific purpose or which legal basis is applicable (from lower priority to higher priority):

Reviewer: We should add language that CMP should avoid conflicting signals, but we would want to define rules to deal with them 
```suggestion
CMPs should avoid to define conflicting publisher restrictions, specifically w.r.t. multiple restrictions on a specific purpose.  In case conflicting publisher restrictions are present, vendors should respect the following hierarchy to determine if processing is permissible at all for a specific purpose or which legal basis is applicable (from lower priority to higher priority):
```

> - purpose ID 0 restriction type 1
> - purpose ID 0 restriction type 0
> - specific purpose ID restriction type 1
> - specific purpose ID restriction type 0

Reviewer: Given we are in the descriptive segment it does seem hard to read as written (how would I know what a purpose 0 restriction is)
```suggestion
- general restriction type 1 (require consent)
- general restriction type 0 (not allowed)
- specific purpose restriction type 1 (require consent)
- specific purpose restriction type 0 (not allowed)
```

For example if the TC String includes 1) a restriction signal that specifies consent is applicable to the vendor for the processing for a specific purpose and 2) a restriction signal that disallows the vendor the processing for a specific purpose, the vendor must consider it is not allowed to engage in processing for this specific purpose irrespective of the consent signal.

If the TC String includes 1) a restriction signal that specifies consent is applicable to the vendor for the processing for a specific purpose and 2) a restriction signal that disallows the vendor the processing for the same purpose, the vendor must consider it is not allowed to engage in processing for this specific purpose irrespective of the consent signal. (pub restriction type 0 takes precedence over pub restriction type 1).

> 

Reviewer: As suggested by Julien, would be good to have an example where a generel restriction overrules a specific one.

      <td>
        The Vendor’s declared Purpose ID that the publisher has indicated
        that they are overriding.
	      <br><br>

> 	      When the value of PurposeID is set to 0 and the value of RestrictionType is <code>1</code>, the publisher has indicated they are overriding all TCF purposes to require Consent, including Special Purposes. In such a case, both Special Purposes are allocated the <b>ID 24</b> in the <code>PurposesConsent</code> field.

Reviewer: We should also add a hint on ID 24 in the PurposesConsent field description
